DOCS-1520: Document App Client new methods (#2359)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/services/apis/cloud.md

[`GetModule`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#getmodule ) | Get a module by its ID.
[`ListModules`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#listmodules ) | List available modules.
[`CreateOrganizationInvite`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#createorganizationinvite) | Create an organization invite and send it by email.
[`DeleteOrganizationMember`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#deleteorganizationmember) | Remove a member from the organization.
[`DeleteOrganizationInvite`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#deleteorganizationinvite) | Delete a pending organization invite.
[`ResendOrganizationInvite`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#resendorganizationinvite) | Resend a pending organization invite email.
[`GetRoverRentalRobots`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#getroverrentalrobots) | Return a list of rover rental robots within an org.
[`CheckPermissions`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#checkpermissions) | Check validity of a list of permissions.
[`CreateKey`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#createkey) | Create a new API key.
[`CreateKeyFromExistingKeyAuthorizations`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#createkeyfromexistingkeyauthorizations) | Create a new API key with an existing key’s authorizations.

> [`ListKeys`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#listkeys) | List all keys for the currently-authed-to org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ListKeys`](/build/program/apis/cloud/#listkeys) | List all keys for an organization.
```
Let's take out the awkward phrasing and let them see the details when the go to the full method description.
